Who was the main actor in the Rocky series?
What was the name of the blue fish in Finding Nemo?
Why did Nemo get taken away in Finding Nemo?
Who won in the fight between Rocky and Apollo Creed in Rocky 1?
Who did Rocky have to fight in Rocky IV?
Which movie has the highest number of Oscars won?
Why did the Titanic sink?
Did Jack Dawson die at the end of the Titanic?
What is the highest grossing film of all time?
What is the name of Nemo's octopus classmate?
What movie did Adam Sandler posess a remote that controls time?
Who played "god" in the movie Bruce Almighty?
What is the name of Nemo's father in Finding Nemo?
What is the adress Dory must memorize in Finding Nemo?
Who played the main character in the Terminator series?
What movie won Best Picture Award in 2010?
What movie won Best Animated Feature Film in 2013?
What city does The Anchorman (Ron Bergundy) reign over? 
What movie starred Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman, and Heath Ledger?
What color is the Dark Knight's suit?
What is the new name for the batmobile, as referred to in the Dark Knight Trilogy?
Who is the leader of the League of Shadows?
What is the name of Batman's sidekick?
Who played Batman in the Dark Knight trilogy?
What was the name of the villian in the movie Batman Begins(2005)?
Who composed most of the music for the Dark Knight movies?
What device does Miranda Tate make from the clean energy device in the Dark Knight rises?
Who plays Catwoman in the Dark Knight Trilogy?
What is the name of the award ceremonies for movies?
Who were the three Ghostbusters?
What goop was secreted by the ghosts in Ghostbusters?
What was the name of the vehicle driven in Ghostbusters?
What color are the creatures in the film, Avatar?
Why did Peter La Fleur (Vince Vaughn) have to win a dodgeball tournament?
What team did the Average Joe's face in the dodgeball final?
Who won the final match in the movie Dodgeball?
What were the team colors of the Globo Gym Cobras?
What movie features the most realistic reenactment of the storming of Normandy Beach?
Who were the five super heroes in The Avengers?
Who was the main actress in the movie Mean Girls?
What are the names of the two sisters in the animated movie, Frozen?
What color is Elsa's hair? (Frozen 2013)
What is the name of the reindeer in the movie Frozen?
What is the name of the snowman from the movie Frozen?
What weapon does Hawkeye, an Avenger, use?
Why is Sam, from Sixteen Candles, dissapointed?
What is the name of Sam's chinese roomate in Sixteen Candles?
Who directed Avatar?
Which actor is known for his role as Thor (also 2014 Sexiest man alive)?
Who is the most badass movie star? (Some say he has a third fist under his beard)
What type of car did Bandit drive in Smokey and the Bandit?
What is the name of the villian in the Austin Powers series?
Which film is centered around a man falsely accused of murder? Shawshank Redemption, Stand by Me, West Side Story
